CyberSecurity Awarness On Online Education:
With the spread of technology and the penetration of the internet into every aspect of daily life, cyber security has begun to be of great importance for both individuals and states alike [1]. Although these innovations have made our lives easier, the increase in cyber attacks has made it necessary to take measures in this area [2]_[4]. In addition, one of the most basic points is that the types of cyber attack, in other words the malicious use of cyberspace, have changed in the last 20 years. This has led to the use of new ``cyber'' concepts and risks in the literature [5].
A cyber attack is defined by Hathaway et al. as follows: ``A cyber-attack consists of any action taken to undermine the functions of a computer network for a political or national security purpose'' [6]. The most basic question to ask is `Does this definition define cyber attacks today?' Today, saying that cyberattacks are carried out only for political purposes is insufficient when it comes to trying to understand the nature of cyber attacks. This is because new cyber concepts have emerged that have changed the nature of cyber attacks. What remains similar is the use of computers in attacks. In this context, cybercrimes are defined as crimes committed through computers [7]. The Department of Justice of the USA defines a cybercrime as ``any violations of criminal law that involve knowledge of computer technology for their perpetration, investigation or prosecution'' [8]. 
On the one hand, it is important to explain what cyber security is. Although the concept does not have any common definition, the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) defines cyber security as ``the collection of tools, policies, security concepts, security safeguards, guidelines, risk management approaches, actions, training, best practices, assurance and technologies that can be used to protect the cyber environment and organization and user's assets. Cyber security strives to ensure the attainment and maintenance of the security properties of the organization and user's assets against relevant security risks in the cyber environment'' [9].
Although there are now more complex structures in cyber attacks and cyber security compared to the past, the ability to perform cyber attacks has developed. The capacity to learn through websites that almost every computer user can access has increased. This is especially so the new generation, called the Z generation. They are often completely involved with computer technologies and can easily perform any activity they want by using it [10]_[13].
On the other hand, this situation has also led to the emergence of new situations regarding computer technologies, or cyber security awareness as it is called in the literature. Although the Z generation has grown up with the internet and with computer technologies, sometimes they do not know what kind of problems they may encounter or they do not know how to deal with the problems arising from the continual development of internet technologies [14], [15].
Cyber security awareness, or information security awareness, has become an important issue today. The number of studies on this subject, which affects every aspect of daily life, is increasing. First of all, defining cyber security awareness is
important to better gain a full understanding of the subject. Shaw et al. defined the concept as; ``the degree of understanding of users about the importance of information security and their responsibilities and acts to exercise sufficient levels
of information security control to protect the organization's data and networks'' [16]. As can be understood from the definition, the important points are evaluated in two ways. Firstly, it emphasizes the importance and responsibilities to do with information security. Secondly, it is aimed at knowing and applying information security control practices at an adequate level to protect the information. 
Hwang et al. defined information security awareness as a phenomenon that aims to enable users to recognize the security vulnerabilities or problems that may arise and to respond in an appropriate way. Naturally, it also intends to keep the security phenomenon on the internet at the forefront of the user's minds [17]. Khan et al. made similar points to Hwang. Khan et al. defined information security awareness as the fact that users have information about security and act within the framework of the known rules [18]. Zilka, on the other hand, defines cyber security awareness as a phenomenon that aims to increase the level of knowledge about the online applications that users use so then they can stay safe in response to online risks [19]. Within the framework of these definitions, it can be clearly seen that security awareness training should be provided to improve cyber security awareness [20].
Within the framework of this information, it will also be questioned what kind of information the students have about cyber security awareness during the online education period and whether they want to receive training in this direction. The second aim of this study is to obtain data for use by further studies on how students can increase their cyber security awareness based on the theoretical framework findings.
Modules:
Service Provider
In this module, the Service Provider has to login by using valid user name and password. After login successful he can do some operations such as          Login, Browse and Train & Test Data Sets, View Trained and Tested Accuracy in Bar Chart, View Trained and Tested Accuracy Results, View Prediction Of Cyber security Awareness, View Cyber security Awareness Type Ratio, Download Trained Data Sets, View Cyber security Awareness Type Ratio Results, View All Remote Users.
View and Authorize Users
In this module, the admin can view the list of users who all registered. In this, the admin can view the user’s details such as, user name, email, address and admin authorizes the users.
Remote User
In this module, there are n numbers of users are present. User should register before doing any operations. Once user registers, their details will be stored to the database.  After registration successful, he has to login by using authorized user name and password. Once Login is successful user will do some operations like REGISTER AND LOGIN, PREDICT CYBERSECURITY AWARNESS TYPE, VIEW YOUR PROFILE
Algorithms:
Decision tree classifiers:
Decision tree classifiers are used successfully in many diverse areas. Their most important feature is the capability of capturing descriptive decision making knowledge from the supplied data. Decision tree can be generated from training sets. The procedure for such generation based on the set of objects (S), each belonging to one of the classes C1, C2, …, Ck is as follows:
Step 1. If all the objects in S belong to the same class, for example Ci, the decision tree for S consists of a  leaf labeled with this class
Step 2. Otherwise, let T be some test with possible outcomes O1, O2,…, On. Each object in S has one outcome for T so the test partitions S into subsets S1, S2,… Sn where each object in Si has outcome Oi for T. T becomes the root of the decision tree and for each outcome Oi we build a subsidiary decision tree by invoking the same procedure recursively on the set Si.
Gradient boosting: 
Gradient boosting is a machine learning technique used in regression and classification tasks, among others. It gives a prediction model in the form of an ensemble of weak prediction models, which are typically decision trees.[1][2] When a decision tree is the weak learner, the resulting algorithm is called gradient-boosted trees; it usually outperforms random forest.A gradient-boosted trees model is built in a stage-wise fashion as in other boosting methods, but it generalizes the other methods by allowing optimization of an arbitrary differentiable loss function.
K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN):
	Simple, but a very powerful classification algorithm
	Classifies based on a similarity measure
	Non-parametric 
	Lazy learning
	Does not “learn” until the test example is given
	Whenever we have a new data to classify, we find its K-nearest neighbors from the training data
Example
	Training dataset consists of k-closest examples in feature space
	Feature space means, space with categorization variables (non-metric variables)
	Learning based on instances, and thus also works lazily because instance close to the input vector for test or prediction may take time to occur in the training dataset
Logistic regression Classifiers
Logistic regression analysis studies the association between a categorical dependent variable and a set of independent (explanatory) variables. The name logistic regression is used when the dependent variable has only two values, such as 0 and 1 or Yes and No. The name multinomial logistic regression is usually reserved for the case when the dependent variable has three or more unique values, such as Married, Single, Divorced, or Widowed. Although the type of data used for the dependent variable is different from that of multiple regression, the practical use of the procedure is similar.
Logistic regression competes with discriminant analysis as a method for analyzing categorical-response variables. Many statisticians feel that logistic regression is more versatile and better suited for modeling most situations than is discriminant analysis. This is because logistic regression does not assume that the independent variables are normally distributed, as discriminant analysis does.
This program computes binary logistic regression and multinomial logistic regression on both numeric and categorical independent variables. It reports on the regression equation as well as the goodness of fit, odds ratios, confidence limits, likelihood, and deviance. It performs a comprehensive residual analysis including diagnostic residual reports and plots. It can perform an independent variable subset selection search, looking for the best regression model with the fewest independent variables. It provides confidence intervals on predicted values and provides ROC curves to help determine the best cutoff point for classification. It allows you to validate your results by automatically classifying rows that are not used during the analysis.
Naïve Bayes:
The naive bayes approach is a supervised learning method which is based on a simplistic hypothesis: it assumes that the presence (or absence) of a particular feature of a class is unrelated to the presence (or absence) of any other feature .
Yet, despite this, it appears robust and efficient. Its performance is comparable to other supervised learning techniques. Various reasons have been advanced in the literature. In this tutorial, we highlight an explanation based on the representation bias. The naive bayes classifier is a linear classifier, as well as linear discriminant analysis, logistic regression or linear SVM (support vector machine). The difference lies on the method of estimating the parameters of the classifier (the learning bias).
While the Naive Bayes classifier is widely used in the research world, it is not widespread among practitioners which want to obtain usable results. On the one hand, the researchers found especially it is very easy to program and implement it, its parameters are easy to estimate, learning is very fast even on very large databases, its accuracy is reasonably good in comparison to the other approaches. On the other hand, the final users do not obtain a model easy to interpret and deploy, they does not understand the interest of such a technique.
Thus, we introduce in a new presentation of the results of the learning process. The classifier is easier to understand, and its deployment is also made easier. In the first part of this tutorial, we present some theoretical aspects of the naive bayes classifier. Then, we implement the approach on a dataset with Tanagra. We compare the obtained results (the parameters of the model) to those obtained with other linear approaches such as the logistic regression, the linear discriminant analysis and the linear SVM. We note that the results are highly consistent. This largely explains the good performance of the method in comparison to others. In the second part, we use various tools on the same dataset (Weka 3.6.0, R 2.9.2, Knime 2.1.1, Orange 2.0b and RapidMiner 4.6.0). We try above all to understand the obtained results.
Random Forest: 
Random forests or random decision forests are an ensemble learning method for classification, regression and other tasks that operates by constructing a multitude of decision trees at training time. For classification tasks, the output of the random forest is the class selected by most trees. For regression tasks, the mean or average prediction of the individual trees is returned. Random decision forests correct for decision trees' habit of overfitting to their training set. Random forests generally outperform decision trees, but their accuracy is lower than gradient boosted trees. However, data characteristics can affect their performance.
The first algorithm for random decision forests was created in 1995 by Tin Kam Ho[1] using the random subspace method, which, in Ho's formulation, is a way to implement the "stochastic discrimination" approach to classification proposed by Eugene Kleinberg. 
An extension of the algorithm was developed by Leo Breiman and Adele Cutler, who registered "Random Forests" as a trademark in 2006 (as of 2019, owned by Minitab, Inc.).The extension combines Breiman's "bagging" idea and random selection of features, introduced first by Ho[1] and later independently by Amit and Geman[13] in order to construct a collection of decision trees with controlled variance.
Random forests are frequently used as "blackbox" models in businesses, as they generate reasonable predictions across a wide range of data while requiring little configuration.
SVM: 
In classification tasks a discriminant machine learning technique aims at finding, based on an independent and identically distributed (iid) training dataset, a discriminant function that can correctly predict labels for newly acquired instances. Unlike generative machine learning approaches, which require computations of conditional probability distributions, a discriminant classification function takes a data point x and assigns it to one of the different classes that are a part of the classification task. Less powerful than generative approaches, which are mostly used when prediction involves outlier detection, discriminant approaches require fewer computational resources and less training data, especially for a multidimensional feature space and when only posterior probabilities are needed. From a geometric perspective, learning a classifier is equivalent to finding the equation for a multidimensional surface that best separates the different classes in the feature space.
SVM is a discriminant technique, and, because it solves the convex optimization problem analytically, it always returns the same optimal hyperplane parameter—in contrast to genetic algorithms (GAs) or perceptrons, both of which are widely used for classification in machine learning. For perceptrons, solutions  are highly dependent on the initialization and termination criteria. For a specific kernel that transforms the data from the input space to the feature space, training returns uniquely defined SVM model parameters for a given training set, whereas the perceptron and GA classifier models are different each time training is initialized. The aim of GAs and perceptrons is only to minimize error during training, which will translate into several hyperplanes’ meeting this requirement.

